your favorite Leona lolita 1600 meters
2014 portlick gianopolous takes is on
the way epic throws poirier lead Leona
lolita right behind in second I'm coming
I'm coming is racing in third then
followed by princess Mei Li hook shot in
between runners moving a party outside
clandestine while boom era is the early
trainer passing that report Mapo and
heading towards the back with epic the
leader by three-quarters of a length
then moving a party outside clandestine
to taco racing in third leona lolita
hook shot running or the outside then
moving up by the release boom langara
princess Mei Li I'm coming I'm coming
passing the hot mocha and pick the one
to catch up leona lolita oh shut Molina
party outside belong and erasing input
then comes plan listing I'm coming I'm
coming princess smelly making them by
little as they rounded a 600 look shut
running re outside epic now painting up
the scene moving up by the police
leonardi ass tape and bottom Cookshack
running on the outside then running by
the ML Anita I pepper and on the outside
and our distraction during the finish
line look shut these time starts to go
away by about six lengths and finally
hook second princess smiley closed
between boo an era and Liana lolita then
comes epic I'm coming I'm coming and
trendy Steen completing the cast of 2014
pillar comport leg juvenile fillies
stakes yeah you gotta pay
haha now hook shut up oh one minute
44-second sparsa 1600 meters and
unofficial waiting time the bookshop and
now splits 2016 antenna divide Bennifer
answer she don't develop a single
purpose 27 approximate morning